Added Playground Tools issue templates (#236)
WordPress/playground-tools: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

---

> name: Playground Tools issues - wp-now, VS Code extension, utilities
> about: Did a tool not work the way you want it to? Let us know!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: Bug report
about: Report a bug with Playground tools, e.g. wp-now, VS Code extension, Playground block, Playground plugin
```

Reviewer: Let's adjust this and it should be good to go. Thank you for your work!

---
name: Playground Tools issues - wp-now, VS Code extension, utilities
about: Did a tool not work the way you want it to? Let us know!
title: Report an issue with the Playground Tools
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

<!-- 
Report issues with online Playground instances [here.](https://github.com/WordPress/wordpress-playground/issues)
-->

> ## How are you using the Playground?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Which Playground tool did you experience an issue with? (Wp-now, VS Code extension, etc.)

> <!-- 

Reviewer: And then we could remove this comment or make it a single line of text to save verticsl space
